let's take a look at this stationary set
it comes with a stand it was 47 rupees
what around 80 cents or so comes neatly
packaged like this we get this smaller
puzzle game in a bear trap
there is a hole so that you cannot carry
it as a keychain and there is a
double-sided tape too so if you want to
stick it to anything you can do that too
but I don't know how you play that game
then you get our two pencils you get a
eraser and that's shaped like pencil one
regular pencil you get another pencil
with a smaller Korean pad with a threes
crayons here it's really small motor
included scaled
with the sharpener
all these tapes and Arabelle vanzara
just to show the products in the
packaging
that's the sharpener and you with this
scale I'm not sure about the characters
I haven't I've seen them before
have you seen this character some
barrels looks like a show to me you also
get this club with which you can teach
kids to tell time
for our fifty rupees you get all these
products witness checker